Create Google Summer of Code 2023 webpage (#1225)
xsf/xmpp.org: content/community/gsoc-2023.en.md

---

> Title: XSF and Google Summer of Code 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: XSF and Google Summer of Code 2023
```

 
If you are interested in participating as a student (or just an open source newbie), mentor, or XMPP project, this is the site to start with!

### XMPP - the Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol

XMPP is the Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol, a set of open technologies for instant messaging, presence, multi-party chat, voice and video calls, collaboration, lightweight middle-ware, content syndication, and generalized routing of XML data. XMPP was originally developed in the Jabber open-source community to provide an open, decentralized alternative to the closed instant messaging services at that time.

### Google Summer of Code 2023

The Google Summer of Code is an international annual program in which Google awards stipends to contributors who successfully complete a free and open-source software coding project during the summer. Project ideas are listed by host organizations involved in open-source software development, though students can also propose their own project ideas. 

### Participating projects

> **The XSF has not yet applied nor being accepted!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The XSF has not applied yet and thus hasn't been accepted yet!**
```
